Weird that I've never,
like I just recently found out all that shit that's happening in massage
parlors.
But like,
you know,
10 years ago I had no clue.
I would go buy a massage parlor and go,
oh,
that's my massages.
There's nothing bad going on here.
I wonder how many places like that are like,
like psychics,
what happens at psychics at four in the morning?
Why are they open at four in the morning?
Cause that where you get your ass beat out.
And I,
you don't learn about that until you're 70 or something.
Mm.
I don't think so.
Thanks.
Psychics are open late at night because hey,
it's a scam and be when people were,
it's late at night,
they're drunk and like maybe it's a girl was driving home.
The guy texted her and she does know,
should I text him back?
Why is he texted me so late?
That's kind of disrespectful.
I don't know if he's the one and she pulls into that psychic's office and she's
like,
I just need you to tell me about my future and the psychic cause like I sense
there's a problem and romantic interests.
My boyfriend.
Yes.
There's your stressed.
There's something deeply troubling you.
Your you're confused.
I am confused.
Yes.
You're confused.
You trying to,
the decisions hard to,
there's something coming up.
Something's happening.
Can you ask,
can you come over to the house and fucking mail and Derek?
Yes.
That's it.
There's a thing that he's wanting you to do that you're not so sure if he's the
one.
Is that it?
Yes.
Oh my God.
That's what I said when I was on the way over here and then when he said,
you're not sure if he's the one.
I'm like,
oh my fucking God.
Is it like written on my forehead?
How's it possible?
He knows.
He fucking knew about mark.
He knew about our relationship problems and he knew that I was on my way over
there wondering whether or not he's the wine.
I don't think it's a while.
I don't think he's still,
well,
I think you're my favorite girl voice guy.
You know,
like
serious.
You fucking asshole and your friends and all this bullshit with,
I'm trying to figure out how this fucking psychic knows.
You're not the one for me.
How does this,
no,
how does she know?
Friend of mine went to Morningside.
He knew my grandmother's Whoa.
Everything about my relationship,
my grandmother,
I go,
don't you know,
don't you know everything about your relationship with your grandmother?
What the fuck you want?
Do you want to pay people to tell you shit you already knew?
Hey,
it's four o'clock it is four o'clock you're fucking nuts.
I'm wearing a watch.
Ah,
oh.
When it rains out,
you get wet.
Whoa,
this guy's crazy.
Tell me all the Shit I already knew.
It's crazy.
I bet.
I bet it's psychics are way better now nowadays because of technology and like
they probably have like little ear earpiece in some guy in the back.
It's like looking at their license plate number online and finding out where
they live.
You know like the,
and just feeding the person information.
I bet.
Psychic sark killer.
Now I bet there's some probably they're like super high scammy level
because you want the repeat customer.
So if you're that accurate,
I bet there's a huge scam in that.
That is a crazy thing.
If you're driving,
like you're driving through Burbank or some shit every couple miles,
you see one of those psychic reader places,
five in the morning,
open,
big hill,
hand on the front,
like a hand job place.
But it's a psychic.
I went to one once when I was a in New York and I was going to these fucking
stupid auditions.
I did not want to act and I was going,
I was just,
it wasn't what I was interested in doing.
But like your agency would tell you,
well,
you know,
you really should look into this and you'd see what it was.
It was like some role that I didn't,
not only was I not going to get it,
but I didn't want it.
Like this is like,
it's not even funny.
It's like super serious.
Yeah,
but you should do it.
So they just,
they know,
they know what you could do commercials that go in and read for commercials.
And I'd be like,
what the fuck am I doing?
So I left one of them and I was terrible at it too.
I was terrible auditioning.
And then I went to this,
um,
I went to the psychic and I'm like,
well,
fuck it.
Let's say it's only like,
I don't remember how much it was,
like five bucks,
10 bucks.
She's like,
you don't get along with your brothers.
I go,
I don't have any brothers shit.
I looked at her,
you don't know anything,
like looked in her eyes and she looked at me and I knew that she knew that.
I knew she was full of Shit,
stuff that I knew she was full of Shit.
I looked at her,
I don't have any brothers.
She was like,
Oh shit.
I got crazy.
She got gangster.
She took a swing.
She's like,
I'm sensitive brothers from this asshole.
Could a chip and a shutter shoulder brothers probably beat him up?
No,
it came from a bad audition.
You missed it,
lady.
It's weird,
Huh?